Does Jiang Yuting have anything else to say?
I just added a little salt
I remember Mrs. Liu said before that she likes to eat salty food
I'm afraid it's too weak.
So I just added some salt
Add you
Do you dare to eat the food on this table?
If you eat it, not only will I not pursue you, but I will pay double for the tableware
It's just a laxative anyway
Will diarrhea kill you?
Eat it
But what you promised me must be done
And apologize to me
Ok, I apologize to you.
You finish this bowl
See if it's okay?
Do you believe what Qin Shiyu said?
What he says is what he says
Is there any problem? You know it yourself.
I believe him.
That's my business too.
Since you're so willing to go out
Don't worry.
I will also do what I say
Come and brush
Also, I apologize to you.
I hope you can correct your work attitude
Mrs. Nong has been making trouble all morning
We cook in peace
You can change the place.
Delete all follow
There is a cooperation
I have two words.
Can't believe it